unsorted
auto close tab after redirect
--
try reading tags, so it won't show numbers in front of the
try to avoid reconverting in concatenation step



more understandable update notification and update installation

success screen: add youtube studio link
menu improvements
use percent for convert
clean temp folder?

show logs double chevron icon is ugly on win8

maybe show the contents of the temp folder and save there a json in order not to convert again if YT error


https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/security 1h
  remove unsafe-inline

how to get logs in prod? electron.log?

where to store client id when distributing app




check out npm audit 2h

success screen: maybe add uploaded ids to the global storage with songs

modal keybard and a11y

deal with the warning on startup 15m

on a wide screen the dimensions number is far away from the pic


setUploadAlbum and uploadAlbum move to App.tsx



show user avatar from Youtube. items.snippet.thumbnails has an array of links
jumping japanese charachters in .y-progressbar {

use a class for Time - doesn't hurt anything right now, but Martin Fowler insists on it
  + became necessary when calculating percents

does it make sense not to use setSongs in UI code



##### done #####

pass isDebug on UI
pass isDebug on UI - again mock data is used as defaukt x3

seems YT lowers sound quiality, maybe even signifacantly, is it possible to do something about it
test sound quality
  YT does lower it, but there is nothing to do about it -

todo: stretch short names of mp3s
auto scroll logs
"02. Night tales" textarea had a vertiacal scrollbar
cancel button during inprogress
loading cursor
a little less yellow links in the success modal

maybe make an actual request to YT before converting
what happen if remove permissions for the app in youtube
handle YT error without reload

does it go so slowly because I'm converting 320kbits? - no, it is just slower on win8

better icon for remove song

checkbox to create youtube playlist
checkbox to upload separate songs

remove .mp3 part from the playlist

filefilter: mp3, jpg, png - done with it quickly when it became annoying
TODO check shell escape
  both for security and for accepting filenames with brackets
  handled by node spawn accepting arguments as an array. It was also needed to escape characters in legit song names

publish on github to test it on win 8 and not run with an usb stick
test with special characters
set scrollbars for long playlists

A warning during concat
[mp4 @ 0000020759ba8f20] Non-monotonous DTS in output stream 0:1; previous: 45238338, current: 33638144; changing to 45238339. This may result in incorrect timestamps in the output file.

exclude unneded ffmpeg binaries from build (don't have mac binaries for win build)

show size of image 1h
  picture width should be divisible by 2?
  spent some time on it x2
